[Music]
welcome to slash forward in this video
we're going to continue examining
Charles band's obsession with murderous
playthings let's get to it we open on
the side of the road as two scuzzy
hitters try to find a sympathetic
motorist they certainly don't receive
this from rosemary and David to waspy
pricks with no concern for anyone else
karma comes back to bite them however
when a storm rolls in and they find
themselves stuck on the side of the road
sort of this movie plays a little fast
and loose with what constitutes a road
and how they got there regardless they
were on it and are now stuck they hike
off looking for a nearby residence to
crash securing her characterization as a
wicked stepmother
rosemary insists they'll be slowed down
by Teddy and slings the poor bastard
into the woods
Judy tapping into the evolutionary
memory of her DNA has a kanay d'like
hallucination in which teddy returns and
goes to work satiating his bloodlust
along with giving them the old
whoopsie-daisy they arrive at a house
and begin knocking on the door but with
no success
Judy goes around back and finds an
unlocked basement entrance when the rain
picks up again they opt ahead in they
don't make it very far before the owners
find them and we find out that Gabriel
is going to be played by our old friend
guy Rolfe the puppet master himself
luckily this elderly pair of magical
doll Smiths are known for their
no-strings-attached hospitality and they
welcome the family upstairs to get dried
off on the way Judy hears some unusual
chittering behind a locked door upstairs
they all share a creepy laugh and
Gabriel explains his history of doll
making providing Judy with a replacement
for her lost teddy
Raz they begin their meal these three
busting the kind hearted Ralph along
with the to skanky hitchhikers from
earlier they immediately endeared
themselves to their new hosts by making
inappropriate comments and eating
straight from the stewpot despite this
behavior everyone is welcomed in and
shown to their rooms with a clear
delineation
jerk-offs upstairs the young at heart
downstairs Gabriel takes Ralph and Judy
to his workshop where he shows them his
toys and has a very sincere conversation
about how it's true that toys come to
life in play when their owners aren't
around then they're off to their rooms
for the night meanwhile upstairs these
two British slags blare their boombox
and try to figure out what within the
house is worth stealing and Isabelle
soon sneaks off for some swiping she
finds herself in a room with some sweet
Tekin and she begins filling her bag
with trinkets while the dolls play some
music box games with her eventually
disappearing from the mantle as she
looks around for the person messing with
her she gets pulled to the ground and
rammed repeatedly into
baseboards in the hallway she's seen
briefly by Judy who's up for a nightcap
and then gets dragged off down the
hallway judy runs off to tell her
parents who make it very clear that they
have no time for her crap the only thing
that ultimately saves her from an epic
backhand is the fact that it might cost
daddy a little extra child support in
the long run she runs off to tell Ralph
instead but he also tries to convince
her of the absurdity of the situation
right up until he discovers blood on her
bunny slippers they go off to explore
eventually finding the bloody trail
which leads them to the attic stairs
Ralph's leaves Judy up despite the fact
that they're likely on their way toward
discovering a murder scene a quick
lightning flash reveals Isabelle's fate
to us but Ralph gets bit and tumbled
down the stairs before they discover her
they run off to the guest rooms and
rouse everyone trying in vain to explain
it something fishy's afoot and everyone
proceeds to freak the freak out but for
different reasons none of which are
totally congruent with the information
ralph shared with them they instead
assumed him both a murderer and a
pedophile upset by this Judy runs off
and her dad chases are down which he
refuses to reveal herself he threatens
punch but his string bean arms defy his
evil intentions elsewhere Ralph runs
into Gabriel and continues to absolutely
act his nards off a good effort pal gabe
shrugs off the evenings incidents as a
misunderstanding regarding some paint
that he spilled earlier less easily
shrugged off are the moving lumps Co
occupying the bed with rosemary on the
plus side her bed is full of luffy's to
cuddle on the negative they are
aggressively working to dismantle her
they stabbed and sawed away at her until
she throws herself out the window to
escape meanwhile Enid has gone looking
for Isabelle and eventually also finds
herself in the Attic this time she hears
someone warning her away and it's
Isabelle good work but why does she need
to go back oh yeah that's no good Enid
is then attacked by the dolls and is the
first to actually have any momentary
success cracking several open and
revealing these little weirdos inside
who act like wet gremlins as soon as
they are relieved of their porcelain
protection downstair she's confronted by
toy soldiers she has a right idea when
she starts getting her belt swinging but
then she stops for reasons unknown and
gets the old eight gun salute into her
torso shredding her insides
Ralph and Judy try to get to the bottom
of things at the locked door which opens
wilfully inside her dolls
lots of rat toothed dolls with bloodshot
eyes Judy could understand their
chittering but Ralph is unable to
maintain and decides to bulldoze his way
out
this invokes her lilliputian dire but
Judy is able to calm them and they
decide that the two may pass David tries
to get some daddy love but gets this
instead oh he just got out of the shower
- he runs off to find Ralph assuming
he's responsible and runs across him and
Judy right as they escape the doll room
he immediately goes to town and is just
about to land the final blow when he
starts to get jabbed with small pointy
objects as he's distracted by this Ralph
and Judy are dragged off although it's
not clear how Judy became unconscious
after exacting his revenge on punch Gabe
and Hilary show up and used their magic
to turn David into a new punch doll the
next morning Ralph wakes up like this
Gabriel feeds them a story about how the
others left and left a note about how
Judy should go live with her mom they
left behind just enough money for Ralph
to escort her back to Boston Gabriel has
only moderately believable answers to
all the questions raised by Ralph but
says the choices either stay with the
dolls or leave they opted to ignore the
inconsistencies in the story and jet out
of there as they do so a new family
driving on what this movie continues to
try to convince us is Road get stuck
starting the cycle all over again and
that was dolls a Charles band produced
film directed by Stuart Gordon I hope
you enjoyed the video and thanks for
watching
you
[Music]